[Music]
well hey there you know these habits on
how to become a millionaire by adopting
certain habits well today I'm gonna
challenge myself start an experiment to
see if this is for real
I'll adopt the rich people's habits I
found online and try to keep up such a
routine for a month recording my
progress on video let's see if I can
make it well hey there again this is the
first morning of my challenge and it's
really early now like 5 a.m. early all
sources say waking up like this gives
you a jump start for the day
put all gifts hmm catching worms isn't
for this bird
I want My Morning Joe now but not yet up
next is a bit of exercise nothing too
hard though or I think I'll collapse
before the real challenge begins a
couple of push-ups
a few sit-ups some squats and there you
have it okay surprisingly I admit I feel
a little bit better now seems the Bloods
pumping faster and I've woken up at last
well I'll go take a shower and then have
a hearty breakfast scrambled eggs and a
cup of coffee have never tasted so
delicious so it's 5:30 a.m. now and I
need to get down to business I got more
than two hours before going to work and
that's plenty of time to finish any
stuff I had in mind I think I'll go
check my emails now and there's also a
bit of cleaning up washing the dishes ok
7:45 time to get ready
my place is sparkling clean and I didn't
even know I'd feel so good about it I
guess it's not such a bad idea to become
an early riser my moods never been
better in the morning
and I feel it's going to be a productive
day off to work now hmm is 12:45 p.m.
and I've done a lot of things already
but it seems like my morning boost is
wearing off
I feel drowsy at best thankfully it's
lunch time so I'll go make myself a cup
of coffee and eat something to pump up
my energy levels a chocolate bar sounds
tempting but no junk food is on the
black list now so I'll have a healthier
snack
[Music]
5:30 p.m. and my workday is finally over
the lunch didn't really help I think my
tiredness has to do with the fact that I
turned in late yesterday oh well my new
schedule says I'll have to go to sleep
much earlier today so it shouldn't be a
problem anymore
hey are you an early bird how do you
rise early without hitting the snooze
button like a hundred times share your
secrets in the comments I'd appreciate
it after a day at work I normally have
some junk for dinner and either lie in
front of a TV for a couple of hours or
take my laptop and idly browse the web I
hardly have any strength left but I need
to make a to-do list for tomorrow that's
part of the routine I also have some
work left because I wasn't so productive
as I'd hope to be but it'll have to wait
until tomorrow no working at home is
another rule okay fine
dinner first something light and healthy
and I'll have to eat in silence no TV
allowed there are literally no thoughts
in my head now I just want to sleep done
good so now I can finally take a shower
read some book and go to sleep
gosh am I tired hey guys it's been two
weeks since I started my challenge and
today I'd like to share with my progress
with you so I still get up at 5 a.m. and
I found it pretty convenient at first I
didn't manage my time at all and I
confess I overslept a couple of times it
was also hard because I didn't know what
to do with those two hours I had after
exercising showering and having
breakfast but I found the answer I catch
up with all the work stuff I wasn't able
to complete the day before I feel my
best in the morning so it's actually the
only time when I can do that by
lunchtime though I still lose most of my
energy and I feel like it's getting
worse I've started forgetting things and
zoning out so my colleagues sometimes
have to repeat their words for me to get
them the stuff I need done keeps adding
up so I'm actually afraid those two
hours in the morning might su not be
enough anyway I'm not done with my
experiment yet so I'll keep it
evenings have become much easier however
I come home at 7 p.m. cook some dinner
and then make a plan for the following
day a lot faster than before I've
learned to only jot down the most
important things and it helps I finally
set my priorities straight and my
schedule has become much more orderly
the best parts of the day are when I get
to check off a point for my to-do list
when I'm done compiling my next day plan
I take a quick cool shower cold water
makes you want a burrow between the
sheets and that's exactly what I do well
the shock from the shower hasn't gone
yet I read a book in my bed not a random
book mine you successful people always
try to learn so I rarely read fiction
now and then when I'm warm and cozy
enough to fall asleep I turn off the
lights and call it a day I'll get you
updated in another two weeks time see ya
hi there so today's the last day of my
month-long challenge and I must admit
it's been tough
waking up has been growing steadily more
and more difficult and now I'm looking
forward to getting some sleep but the
good news is that I've lost a few pounds
staying away from junk food and I feel
generally healthier I guess not eating
fatty stuff is one habit I'm definitely
not going back to exercise shower
breakfast and then catching up with the
work nothing's really changed but I feel
like I'm doing it wrong perhaps I
shouldn't have started working from home
in the morning anyway my energy levels
are still at their highest now so I
don't lose any time
lunch time though has become my complete
failure I do most of the important stuff
before lunch if I can't because after 1
p.m.
it's as if someone turns off my lights
not even coffee helps me anymore
so I guess it has to do with my altered
sleeping schedule as a result I
procrastinate and my productivity
plummets in the afternoon I've read that
a short nap after lunch could help cope
with this but I don't have such an
opportunity in the office so it's either
trying to get at least something done
or changing my job I chose the first
option for now when I come home in the
evening I'm downright exhausted even
crossing out the things I've done
doesn't make my day I have to make
myself write down the next to-do list
but it seems more and more useless
tonight I'm doing it one final time
complete my nightly ritual and go to bed
knowing that tomorrow I'm sleeping until
7:00 a.m. good morning so what can I say
the experiment went not exactly as I
thought it would I was clearly much more
efficient in the morning than I'd ever
been but this energy boost only lasted
until lunch from there the rest of the
day was not even at 50% productivity I
guess I'm not an early bird after all
and that was probably the reason why I
didn't feel some of the promised
benefits for example I hadn't enough
strength for my own leisure activities
and that's a major mistake because you
need to have time for yourself or you
just burn out one day there were however
many good parts as well like I said my
mornings became much more productive and
I think that had I just a half an hour
to take a nap after 1 p.m.
I'd be cool as a cucumber for the rest
of the day 2 reading before bed is also
proved to be useful I've learned lots of
new info and it's stuck with me all in
all it was an interesting experience
although I don't think I can keep it up
any longer
I'll certainly take some habits into my
everyday routine from now on I'm pretty
sure they'll bring positive change to my
life hey if you learn something new
today then give the video a like and
share with a friend and here are some
other videos I think you'll enjoy just
click to the left or right